Previously
on The Spanish Princess...
We should dissolve Princess Mary's
engagement to Charles
and instead match her
with King Louis.
Wolsey's counsel is against me.
and you are allowing it.
You don't give me what I need.
I stand here with a void
in the middle of my body.
and you think God
is punishing me.
but I have done nothing wrong.
Your Grace. my daughter
wishes to marry.
Young Henry Stafford.
he'll have her.
And might I suggest
William Compton for you?
Your Groom of the Stool?
My brother Albany
must return from France.
He's next in line
to the regency.
As long as I do not marry.
I will be regent
until Jamie comes of age.
You are the greatest queen
Scotland's ever known.
A Scot in France.
Would you rather
I was back in Edinburgh.
taking the regency
from your sister?
Do you think we can
recover from this?
I want to.
I want it to be
as it was before.
We are strong. Archbishop.
and none shall come between us.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
The young men
of the court are impudent.
Their eyes are ever on my bosom.
Even during chapel.
Sounds like you enjoy it. Anne.
Of course. I do not blame them.
But my husband is aggrieved.
Anne.
The child makes me nauseous.
Please fetch some lavender
from the garden.
Oh. uh...
yes. of course. Your Grace.
Let us pray she catches the eye
of one of her so-called
admirers and they waylay her.
I think that they
are only in her mind.
To salve her pain
that her husband
will not attend her bed.
Any other woman but not hers.
She is not blessed
with happiness
in marriage as we are.
We must be patient
with her. then.
I will take some air.
Your Grace.
Catherine.
How is my magnificent son
and heir?
Already looking forward
to his first ale. I'd wager.
Can he throw a punch in there?
He tells me he would have
air and exercise.
But. Catherine.
you know you must rest.
And sport.
He is his father's son.
A king in the making.
It seems he has
his mother's will.
Ah. there's Charlie
with his bride-to-be.
the radiant Lady Elizabeth.
I believe we now address
this fellow as Viscount Lisle.
Ah. that's right. Viscount. yes.
The first of many gifts I'm
sure my encroaching marriage
will bestow upon me. Your Grace.
Uh. perhaps you will excuse us.
Elizabeth wishes to see
the blasted yew tree
in the grounds.
What news?
Uh...
Wolsey asked if I'd consider
making him chancellor.
He has just
been made archbishop.
I do not think it
such a bad idea.
It is a terrible idea.
Lord chancellor is second
in power only to you.
and Wolsey is already
high above his station.
Would he have a title from you
every half year?
I fought nine years
to be your queen.
You fought. or was it I
who fought for you?
It was you. of course.
But I always wanted you.
What woman wouldn't?
And I will want you
till the sun goes down
o'er all of time.
Until that day.
will you be mine?
You are a beautiful poet.
It's easy with such a muse.
Oh. I want to shout it
from the Highlands.
Margaret Tudor is mine.
and nothing will come
between us.
It cannot. I forbid it.
And I am queen.
Or regent. at least.
Tell me about her...
your muse.
I used to hear tales
of her as a girl.
- Mm. virtuous.
- Hmm.
Thoughtful.
Devout.
Headstrong. stormy. wild.
And now?
How do you find her?
I find that she is a queen
not merely in title...
but in temperament also.
He is here.
- So it's true.
- What do you want?
- Get out!
- You. cur!
You have compromised the queen!
He has not!
The earl of Angus is my...
He has robbed
the dowager queen of her honor!
Forced her. filthy dog!
He did not force me!
- We are married!
- What?
By Bishop McElroy
at South Queensferry Kirk.
Last Saturday.
You can ask him if you
will not take my word for it.
No. this cannot be true.
So unless you want
to be hanged for treason.
release my husband now!
Away with you.
If this is true. then you have
betrayed your country. madam.
- We took you as our regent...
- Betrayed it?
...on the promise that you
would not take another husband.
My children need a father.
And who I take to my bed
is my own province
and not the business
of this council.
It's every bit our business!
Did your brother
put you up to this. huh?
The Douglases have always
licked the balls of England.
Is this his secret plan
to rule us?
King Henry doesn't even know.
And Angus will not rule with me.
I am regent with my son.
Angus is only my husband.
Oh. and that's what he told you.
is it?
And you. you'd be happy
with that. would you.
eh. Angus?
Having some wee lassie
tell you what to do?
I married her for love
in God's eyes.
- as she did me.
- No.
My brother. the duke of Albany.
will be summoned
back from France. and you
will cede the regency to him.
He will govern Scotland.
Over my dead body. I am queen!
He will take custody
of Princes James and Alexander.
We won't have our country
ruled by this prick.
Hey! Get back here!
Angus. run!
What are we doing?
Get back here!
You bastard!
Angus. you get James.
Alexander. darling.
They should not
defy you. Your Grace.
Quickly.
Down the stairs. now!
Down the stairs!
Down!
You bastard! Stay where you are!
Angus. you bastard!
Get back here!
Get out! Get out!
You tricked us!
Both of you tricked...
Move it! Out of the way!
You will rue the day
that you challenged me!
I am regent with
full support of England
and Spain through Catherine.
You are dead men from this day.
and they will... they will burn
your entrails
for disrespecting me.
Will they?
Can anyone in your family
be trusted to convey a letter?
My Uncle Gavin.
He'll come soon enough
when he hears of this.
Watch at the window for him.
You will write your brother
for his help?
I will do more than that.
I will write to Catherine.
Henry.
- Catherine?
- Your Grace.
Is it the child?
No. no.
No. he is quite well.
It is another matter.
I must speak with you
in private.
Your sister writes to me. She...
About her hatred
of her fat French husband.
- This is not news. Catherine.
- Not Mary.
Meg.
She has remarried.
Archibald Douglas.
the earl of Angus.
She has done what?
The Scots are up in arms
about it.
saying they will terminate
her regency
in favor of the duke of Albany.
whom they have summoned
back from France.
What in God's name
is the matter with her?
After everything
I've done for her.
this is how she shows me thanks?
She asks for you
to send an army.
But. uh. to make it clear
they come in peace.
An army?
In peace?
How do I signal that?
- Put them all in dresses?
- I know.
The Scots would think
I'd invaded.
- Yes. I know.
- I gave her one instruction.
Keep England's peace
with Scotland for me.
And now she writes
all this to you and not me.
You are carrying my heir.
She risks your health
and his survival.
No. I will do nothing for her.
Do not reply.
You may go back and rest.
Dearest Mary.
your sister is in trouble.
and she needs your help.
You must find a way to keep
the duke of Albany in France.
Remind him of the cold
and inhospitable climate
of his native land
and the beauty and favors
France can offer.
should he choose
to linger there.
Meg will thank you
for your help.
And I will too.
From your sister Catherine.
Queen Mary of France.
And please tell Thomas Howard
that I would like to see him.
Good shot. Sire.
Skewered him right through
the heart. Your Grace.
The captain here taught me well
in my younger days.
It is easy
to guide the eye of one
with such a gift as yours.
Your Grace.
Are you a keen huntswoman.
Lady Pole?
I am not.
I see no joy in a kill.
But I think my daughter's suitor
has commitment for us all.
You got it!
Do you eat meat.
though. Lady Pole.
do you not?
I do.
For many years.
there was no food in my belly
or in the bellies
of my children.
Because I suffered
when my husband died.
Now God and king
both smile on you
and bless you with a match
to our most faithful servant.
Compton.
Do you not shoot?
This is low game. my lady.
Rabbits are dirty creatures.
and they breed too readily.
But for your sake.
I will desist today
from any bloodshed.
Watch out.
Felled by a woman. Compton?
My sister.
That makes sense. actually.
We should've put
a bobtail on him.
make a proper sport of it.
That was quite amusing
for you. Wiltshire.
Perhaps the lady might do better
to aim at her own husband.
I think it is his attention
that she fails to win.
I will remove myself from range.
The Scots will already
think that Meg's marriage
to a Douglas is my attempt
to rule them.
Never mind me sending
an army to help.
Your Grace is wise to resist.
Women's fancies
blow too hot for reason.
They are sentimental creatures.
and to have one rule a country.
even though she is your sister.
it is a disaster.
I disagree.
All of my daughters
are educated in the classics
and they have finer minds
than many men I know.
certainly more reason.
Has Your Grace considered
my humble supplication?
Yes. uh. Lord Chancellor.
The queen worries
another promotion
would go to your head. Wolsey.
Oh. dear.
A lady much in need of guidance.
Perhaps Your Grace's
expert hand would be the thing.
Lady Anne.
Yes. Your Grace?
Perhaps I could show you
how to win your prey.
What is his interest
in Anne Hastings?
Wolsey still believes
he is in battle with the queen
for the king's favor.
So if he can drive a wedge
between them.
then Queen Catherine's
influence is greatly reduced.
Oh. Lady Pole.
I would have thought
that court politics
no longer surprised you.
Surprise me. no. But pain me?
Reggie has been sent away
in the guise
of his best interests. but...
it feels like
a punishment to me.
You are too good for us all.
I'm sorry
that my shooting is so poor.
I'm very grateful for
your guidance. Your Highness.
My pleasure.
Wolsey.
My lord.
Henry.
I believe that I have solved
your sister's woes in Scotland.
No. we cannot send an army. no.
but what if
General Thomas Howard
were to ride out
with a small retinue
and negotiate her position?
It would not be
a show of force but...
implies we may take
a stronger line
if this is not resolved.
But I said I choose not to.
Henry. you cannot
leave your sister
at the mercy of the Scots.
I would gladly leave my sister
to the mercy of all demons
for what she did to me
in marrying
that halfwit in a kilt.
Well. that's unfortunate.
as Howard is already riding.
I had no choice.
We couldn't leave her there.
Why would you disobey me
when I clearly told you
my instruction?
Wolsey's right.
Women should not govern
a country
when they cannot even govern
their own sentiment.
Wolsey said that?
With what provocation?
- Which lady did he criticize?
- Well. he's right.
What the archbishop
calls sentiment
is cold. hard common sense.
If you leave your sister
locked up in a pantry.
then the Scots see you as weak.
A peaceful Scotland
is what England needs.
which means your sister's
sons must take the throne.
If Albany returns.
then they will not.
Henry. you must do
as you see fit.
But Howard is already riding.
so claim this outcome
for yourself.
or blame me for it. as you wish.
Did you deny Wolsey the
position of lord chancellor?
I said I'd think on it.
Well. perhaps you'll weigh up
which of us
is being led by sentiment.
As you know. my sister Meg
has rashly made a marriage
that has compromised
her regency.
I've sent a troop of soldiers
up to Scotland.
under the stewardship
of General Thomas Howard.
Make sure he doesn't
nod off on the way.
Although I have
written to Howard.
telling him to take his time.
It will do my sister good
to think on what she's done
before she's reinstated
on the throne.
Bloody Scots.
Have they forgotten Flodden?
You do well to remind them
of England's might. Your Grace.
England will not be intimidated.
We are mighty.
We will be obeyed.
And soon we will have an heir.
God blesses us...
and He will keep us.
God save the king.
God save Queen Catherine.
England prays for you.
God blesses us.
The heir in my belly proves
he finds us worthy and devout.
And a. uh. new direction
on your sister's predicament.
The king showed her his mercy.
Anne Hastings
looks quite radiant.
Has she found a man
to warm her bed?
I do not know. Highness.
Oviedo has not heard?
He is friendly now
with the men at court.
and they surely share
such gossip.
Oviedo does not set much store
to idle gossip.
Catherine.
I'll go with you to your rooms.
Hmm.
The court was giddy
at our power.
They were quite roused by it.
And I... by you.
- Catherine. you have...
- Come. let me have you.
I have wanted you all day.
Catherine. you must
take to your confinement.
No. it is too early.
Our son must have
the best chance to be strong.
He does not need the strains
and racket of the court.
Did Wolsey counsel you to this?
Wolsey knows his place.
He would not presume
to instruct me.
I caution you to observe
the same. Catherine.
Henry. I carry the future king.
and I want what's best for him.
- In that. we are united.
- Good. then it's settled.
Please. please.
grant me till
All Saints' Day at least?
So I may attend Mass
and pray to God
that he bears our son
safely into our arms...
...and keeps him there.
Of course.
You may have until then.
And then we'll have our son.
What delays your uncle?
Where is our reply from England?
Perhaps he is helping
Catherine muster men...
...or persuading my brother.
He will be so angry with me.
but Catherine will
soon soothe his hot head.
Angus. Angus. come here.
Your Grace.
Oh. Gavin.
You have word from England?
Uncle. what news?
A letter
from General Thomas Howard.
Alexander Stewart's got
his thugs out here patrolling.
I had to make a show
of demanding your release
so they didn't wonder
why I'd come.
Uncle. you have our gratitude.
Perhaps our queen will
reward you with a castle.
There is no army.
General Thomas Howard
rides to us with six men.
Six?
Albany has been kept in France.
Howard instructs us
to inform the Scots
that I am regent and if they
do not let me rule.
England will lay waste
to Scotland.
Six hundred men? Or six?
There is the threat
of further force.
There is no threat at all.
We are abandoned.
- Angus!
- Not now.
I cannot help you.
Angus.
That is my son. our future king.
you raise your voice to.
Aye. a king.
and yet here we are.
Locked up and left to perish
like slaves. not sovereigns.
I am sovereign. Angus.
And if you thought
that marrying me
would be an easy life.
then you are a fool.
We must be strong.
When we first spoke
in the chapel.
it felt like poetry...
magic.
I was surrounded by brute force.
And then there was you.
You opened your heart to me.
And I thought that made you
braver than...
Than any of the warring men
in Scotland...
...than any man
I have ever known.
So I kissed you.
But perhaps I did not
see you clearly.
And the fearsome beast
did rise up out of the well
before the brave knights.
and agh!
Yeah.
Oviedo. you think it's true
that the king
beds Anne Hastings?
It is what everybody says.
It is the way
of the English kings.
They jump into so many beds.
You are not knights.
You are my little kings.
- Not little kings.
- Oh. yes.
Or perhaps you are thieves.
for you have stolen my heart.
- No.
- Yes.
Look.
It is gone. Ah!
A confinement
can be a blessing. Highness.
A chance for reflection
and for peace.
Let me help you.
Lina.
Is there something I don't know?
I... I don't understand.
There are whispers.
People speak about me.
Yes. they speak about you
all the time.
And their talk is of their
desire for your happiness
and for your son and heir.
I will fetch rosemary.
Lina.
We are friends.
So you must tell me.
When we first came to England.
you told me that I am the light.
You still are.
A lantern burns as brightly
in a single room
as in a whole court.
I feel I am in darkness.
What is it that I miss. please?
I need to know.
No.
No. not Anne Hastings.
- It is not Henry who she bed...
- Highness.
these are foolish rumors
that people use
to idle away their time.
- Push them from your mind.
- But this is what is said.
Lina!
A woman was seen
entering the king's rooms.
Some say it was Anne Hastings.
Catherine. Henry loves you.
I know he loves me.
I will not be that bitter...
jealous woman.
I will not be my sister.
- Yes.
- Please.
What does that butcher's boy
think he's doing?
I've seen you chattering
with the king. Wiltshire.
You're not above
your own maneuvers.
No idea what you're...
You're drunk. Brandon.
Wolsey is shameless
in his machinations.
Yes. and yet the king
responds to it.
Yes.
Lady Anne. perhaps
you'd like to make a toast
to the newly promised couple.
given that you are lady aunt
to the happy groom.
I-I... if Your Grace wishes.
Yes.
To my nephew Henry Stafford
and his betrothed. Ursula Pole.
I wish you many children
and all the joys of love.
Hear. hear.
The wedding night
is brutal. Ursula.
Go easy on her. boy.
But you will only
ever be a virgin once
and will be glad
when it is passed.
He won't.
I mean to say...
there will be blood.
Well. not every maid
is thus afflicted.
Oh. yes. they are.
The first time. yes.
As mother to the bride.
I would like to wish
Henry and Ursula good health.
good fortunes.
and a nursery full of babies.
- Your health.
- Your good health.
To Wolsey's swift demise.
Excuse me.
The queen has heard a rumor
that the king and Lady Hastings.
that he beds her.
Catherine is distressed.
and I am worried for the baby.
I am aware of it...
...and of other talk
more dangerous to her.
What talk?
Of wedding nights
and how maidenhood is proven.
Leave it with me.
I have had an idea
that may help.
It is late.
You should go home
to your family.
Thank you. Lady Pole.
I came to say good night.
Is there. um...
...any news of Meg?
None that I've heard. no.
Henry?
I worship you...
everything you do and are.
And even when we cannot...
...be together...
Of course we cannot.
You are with child.
...I know
that you have appetites...
...that I cannot fulfil for now.
So if you take
another woman to your bed.
then I would understand.
But I would sooner that...
...that you told me.
Another woman?
If you shared it
with me. then...
...it would be something
that is ours...
...together...
...of our love.
And then people
wouldn't pity me.
I know
that what we share is different
and this is of the flesh.
But I would rather
that I heard it first from you.
There is nothing to tell.
You're tired.
You must rest.
Stare at me all you like.
I am indeed
a handsome old devil.
You bog-dwelling fuckers.
Howard is here.
We will negotiate my position.
We are coming out.
We will go to Stirling
and resolve this with civility.
Angus.
There are six Englishmen outside
whom I will speak with.
Lay a finger on me. and they
will quarter you alive.
- Stay back. Douglas.
- I need to explain it. though.
Queen Margaret.
I bring you greetings
from the queen.
General Howard. I'm...
I am very glad to see you.
And I you. Your Grace.
Have you been sleeping
in a gorse bush?
Let us go to Stirling
to discuss my regency.
No. No. no. what are you...
What are you doing?
No! No!
Give them back to me!
Unhand those boys!
I give you fair warning.
You don't want to make
an enemy of England.
Angus!
You sniveling wretch.
you bring them back to me!
It's better for you. Meg.
This way.
they'll show you mercy.
Oh. for me? For my sake?
Bollocks.
Get on the horse. Your Grace.
- Get on it now.
- No. No.
No. I cannot leave my boys.
If you want to live to see
your children again. then ride.
Up. up.
Queen Margaret.
If I could cut out
my weak and stupid heart.
my foolish and shameful need
for love. I would do it.
I have lost my boys!
I have betrayed them.
How could I be so stupid?
You were lonely.
I trusted him.
and he betrayed me.
I will never trust again.
You will return for them.
You're a fucking she-wolf.
I will not let my brother
see me cry.
We will ride to York first.
I will stay there
until I'm ready.
To York!
Thank you.
Sir Compton.
William.
I've asked you here
to join me because...
And I was very pleased
to receive your invitation.
Lady Pole.
There is a delicate matter.
The queen is in distress.
and I fear it may harm
her unborn heir.
I was hoping I might
seek your help.
Madam. you shall have it.
The matter
that so troubles her is...
Well. I'm sure
you've heard the rumors
about the king and Lady Anne.
I admit I am aware of them.
The only proof is that
a lady of her likeness
was seen exiting
the king's room.
But it strikes me.
we could start
the court's tongues wagging
on a different story.
That the gentleman
she was there to see
was not the king at all...
...but his groom.
But that's...
You are the only other gentleman
in the king's rooms.
If we could persuade the court
that it was you
she was there to see.
then the king would be
quite blameless.
and Queen Catherine's
broken heart would be restored.
Madam. this is difficult. that...
To meddle
in the king's affairs...
The king would not want
his queen and heir
to be burdened by his appetites.
We cannot ask him to desist.
but...
this would bring
a resolution to the matter.
Madam. I find your loyalty
to the queen most laudable.
Hmm.
If this wins me your favor
and helps our royal heir
arrive more peaceably
in the world.
then I will do my part.
You are the most remarkably
selfless woman.
Is it the baby. Your Grace?
It is nothing.
I am quite well.
Lady Hastings.
Lady Pole.
It seems the better woman
has won.
Sir William Compton
hasn't been able
take his eyes from you
all night.
I will not demean myself
trying to compete with you.
You are young and beautiful.
Sir William is clearly besotted.
Lady Anne.
I have long admired you
from afar.
Shall we?
Oh. Your Grace.
No. he is coming too early.
Go and fetch Lina.
Go! Quickly.
No.
Please. please. please.
Where is Lina?
Is she here?
Lina!
Lina.
Lina. the queen
is calling for you.
Quickly!
The baby comes?
Catherine. I'm here.
He cannot come yet.
Lina. fetch the midwives.
It is too late.
Catherine. look at me.
We can do this together.
Your Grace.
General Howard writes.
Your sister's husband. Angus.
has betrayed her.
Her heirs have both been seized.
and she and Howard
are riding down to London.
I said sending Howard
was a stupid bloody...
No. no. Your Grace undoubtedly
made the right decision
in sending him.
Well. perhaps she's
learned her lesson now.
Mm.
Stafford. your sister
just pounced on Compton.
Your Grace.
your child is coming early.
- Lina is with her.
- I will go.
The hour comes. Your Grace.
The future of your kingdom
is fastened on this moment.
I pray that the queen
will serve you.
Congratulations. Henry.
He comes.
Come. Bessie. help me with this.
Will he die?
He will die if he comes
this early. won't he. Lina?
Highness. God sends him
to you when he will.
But you must push now.
Push.
We are with you. Catherine.
Perhaps you'll
name him after me.
Prince Charles.
- Has a ring to it.
- No. it's Henry.
His name is Henry.
just like the first.
Catherine. he is coming.
He's nearly there.
One big push.
He's here.
Our baby.
Our new Prince Henry.
Give him to me.
Give... give him to me.
Her.
It's a girl. Catherine.
It's a girl.
Oh. no.
No. no. No. no. no. no. no.
It can't be. It can't be.
It can't be.
How is my son?
Tell me I have a healthy boy.
Highness...
The...
...the... the baby is...
Is healthy.
- Congratulations. Your Grace.
- Great job.
She... is healthy.
It is a girl.
Will you hold her?
She's crying for you.
She needs her mother.
Thank you for your efforts.
To His Most Christian Highness.
Louis of France.
England requests
that the duke of Albany
return to Scotland
without delay.
The Stewart heirs.
King Henry's nephews.
have been abducted
by the Scottish clans.
and Dowager Queen Margaret
had to flee to England
for her life.
Albany must take control
of Scotland.
or there will be war.
Princess Mary likes
the gardens. Highness.
Lina. this matter
of Anne Hastings.
It seems it was Henry's groom.
Sir William.
who was bedding her.
not my husband.
I am glad to hear it. Highness.
Well. shame on you
for listening to such gossip.
Perhaps next time. you'll
think twice before you hurt me
with such wicked lies
and malign the king's good name.
And now. because I questioned
Henry's loyalty. he is angry.
And he will not come
to see me...
...or his daughter.
All he does is plan with Wolsey.
I am sorry. Highness.
Forgive me.
Go home.
I do not wish
to have you here today.
Bessie will tend to me.
- It's from Scotland.
- Give it to me.
Compton. it is from Scotland.
Have you forgotten
who the lady is?
Howard. thank you.
For everything.
Go on. Go on.
Children are
the heritage of the Lord.
the fruit of the womb.
Do not stand on my account.
dear brother.
I do not; I've had my fill
of useless girls.
You look old.
You're getting fat.
And I have had my sons
ripped out of my arms.
You couldn't even
send me an army. brother.
You're fortunate
I sent anyone at all. Meg.
Sent someone. Yes. you did.
You sent the duke of Albany
to rule my country
and raise my children.
Albany? He's in France...
Uh. Your Grace.
I took the liberty of summoning
the duke of Albany back
on your behalf.
Forgive me.
Wolsey. are you
king of England now?
Oh. so you have lost
your country too.
to a butcher's boy from Ipswich.
Wolsey has forgotten
I instructed him
to write to France.
Uh. of course.
Of course. Your Grace.
Scotland must be stable
for our Tudor heirs
to rule it
when they come of age.
Albany will keep it so.
Oh. to be a man and slap
each other's backs all day
and sing of your own
good fortune.
Where is Catherine?
I will speak with someone
who sees sense.
Of course I want the king
to have an heir.
but there are many benefits
to daughters.
I see in mine
all the flowers of England.
Your Grace.
I wish to ask you to release me
from my betrothal
to Sir William Compton.
Your Grace. you have
shown me great kindness.
restoring my lands and titles.
And you have made a fine match
for my daughter Ursula
with Henry Stafford.
I am grateful.
But Sir William
kissed another woman.
a married one at that.
My honor would not stand for it.
So I must refuse him.
How convenient for you.
Lady Aunt...
...when you were determined
not to do my bidding anyway.
Go.
You're released.
Thank you. Your Grace.
Lady Pole.
I did your bidding.
and I hope that I have
won your favor.
I'm sorry. Sir William.
but the king has withdrawn
his consent for us to marry.
Excuse me.
Lady Pole.
Deftly played.
I had no choice.
I will not sacrifice myself.
Oh. you do not need to justify
your character to me.
You have always been
a faithful servant of God.
I do have some news that may
be of use to you. though.
It seems that all the stories
about Anne Hastings
and our king were concocted
by our great Archbishop Wolsey.
Well. that is not a revelation.
No. Indeed.
But whilst Anne Hastings
was wrongly named.
it seems that the king
does have a lover.
Excuse me.
My time at court has ended.
The king has suggested
that I tend to my estate.
and I gladly accept.
You're being punished.
You saved us from the Scots
at Flodden. yet...
We both did that.
If I had had a hundred men
with a heart like yours...
...I could have conquered
the world.
Just like
Alexander the fucking Great.
Will you please stop cursing?
Forgive me.
I don't know when I'm doing it.
- Your Grace.
- General Howard.
They make me sick.
the pair of them.
Wolsey and my brother.
My poor boys will be terrified.
thinking I've abandoned them.
Your Grace. I will take
her swaddling to the laundry.
You must tell Henry to help me.
Make clear to Albany
that they must let me
raise my boys
and be their regent.
It will not work. Meg.
We have all failed.
Mary's trapped in France.
married to a man
she wishes dead.
Albany has your kingdom
for himself.
I...
You have given birth
to a beautiful. healthy baby.
A girl.
What use is that?
He thinks
that I have failed him.
Look.
Catherine. she's so beautiful.
Look at her little face.
Won't you take her?
Bessie has forgotten this.
>>>>oakislandtk
www.opensubtitles.org
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm